The code blocks that primarily came from Copilot's suggestions were cleaning the column names, handling missing values, and removing rows with negative values. To prompt this code, I used strong comments or I would use a define function, which would lead to a code suggestion where I would just hit tab to add that line of code.

Early on, I realized when I was trying to standardize string entries in the PRODNAME and CATEGORY columns, I kept getting a KeyError. To remedy this, I added a strip function to the column code where Copilot initially just standardized it in the upper format. Building off of that, I had to ensure in my comments I was typing the column names exactly how they were (for example, 'QTY'). Some other changes I made were smaller stuff, such as renaming everything from df to sales_df.

With this project, I learned that Copilot can be a valuable tool. With strong and clear prompt engineering, Copilot can assist in code generation. For example, In the missing values block, with specific comments, Copilot was very helpful in generating the correct code. However, knowledge about python is still essential. Copilot will not generate perfect code, and when errors arise, it is crucial to know how to navigate them. Also, if it is not properly explained in comments, Copilot might generate code that is not desired. For instance, as previously mentioned, I got a KeyError when trying to standardize values in the PRODNAME and CATEGORY columns. I was responsible for troubleshooting the issue, and once I realized I also needed to strip the category names, the code was able to run. 

All in all, human knowledge is still superior. Copilot can definitely make the coding process quicker and more efficient, but the programmer still needs to know what tasks need to be accomplished and how to achieve that goal. It is also important to note that Copilot should never aid in handling real data sets, as that increases the risk of a data breach occuring.